He leaned forward in his chair, sobering.
There, sitting in his chair, was Carl, fast asleep.
A footman moved the chair for her.
She stepped around the chair and stood before him.
He took the exercise book containing lessons in geometry written by himself and drew up a chair with his foot.
I'm not ready for the rocking chair yet.
He leaned back in his chair again and stretched his legs out, his piercing gaze sorting through the secrets of her mind.
Alex sat down in his chair.
There sat the thorny Sorcerer in his chair of state, and when the Wizard saw him he began to laugh, uttering comical little chuckles.
I forced her into a chair and held her there until I was nearly exhausted.
He sank into the chair and let out a long breath.
He shifted uncomfortably in his chair.
Often I found her, when she had a little leisure, sitting in her favourite corner, in a chair whose arms supported the big volume prepared for the blind, and passing her finger slowly over the lines of Moliere's 'Le Medecin Malgre Lui,' chuckling to herself at the comical situations and humorous lines.
Sitting her in her chair, she glanced around the table.
After their conversation, she leaned back in the chair to get some rest.
She walked behind his chair, leaning over it and putting her arms around him.
I challenge you! he ejaculated, and, pushing back his chair, he rose from the table.
Lisa struggled out of the chair and limped over to the sack of groceries.
He was in his chair, trying to control his curiosity, but she couldn't let it rest at that.
He indicated a chair in the shadow of a rose bush.
They both helped her to the chair.
He held her chair as she took a seat and then sat quietly as Mrs. Marsh said grace.
Finally he pushed his plate aside and rose from the chair.
She did several dishes and then heard a chair scrape the floor behind her.
He approached her favorite chair.
She cringed away from him as her knees hit a chair.
Instead, he pulled up a chair behind the door and waited.
Then he turned to his chair.
What was he doing in the chair?
Not while the situation with the chair was unresolved.
She straightened in her chair, her face growing warm.
I forced her out of the chair and made her pick it up.
When at last, smartly whirling his partner round in front of her chair, he drew up with a click of his spurs and bowed to her, Natasha did not even make him a curtsy.
The love of my life moved to the edge of her chair.
She cried again, snuffling and wiping at her nose before she pushed herself off the chair.
He took her arms and sat her in a chair, handed her a fistful of tissues, and knelt.
They ignored her, and she rested her head on the back of the chair, their low talk and the warmth of the fire lulling her into another trance.
Its breathing was labored, and it sighed when they reached its chair.
He tossed the hourglass onto a chair.
He tugged her out from behind the chair then turned her gently.
She sat down and pulled her knees into the chair.
She rested her head against the back of the chair.
Back at the house, Carmen prepared the chicken for the oven while Destiny sat in her high chair playing with some cereal.
Alex twisted uncomfortably in his chair, trying to push back the emotions that memory invoked.
Ignoring the acid tone, Gabriel sat in the chair a few feet from him.
He rose as she approached and kissed her cheek before pulling out the chair for her.
She pushed herself down in her seat until her head rested on the back of the chair.
Wynn motioned to the chair across from him.
Her jacket was draped over a chair across the room.
She unfolded her legs and sat on the edge of the chair.
She folded her legs beneath her once more on the chair.
She sat in a chair by the black hearth.
She slumped in a chair at the kitchen table, eyes blurring as she struggled to make out the forms.
He moved the sword off her favorite chair without answering and placed it on the trench stretched across her couch.
Gabriel sat opposite the door while Ully flung himself into a cushy chair.
Excited to see that even this world had video games, she sat in the chair behind the buttons and screen, studying all three in an attempt to figure out how the game worked.
When she completed her task, she stepped up on the velvet chair, after modestly lifting her skirt ever so slightly.
It was the noise from the falling chair that woke me up.
He rocked back in his chair and added, There was a little shindig for the marketing guy—Fletch Brunell.
Dean slumped down in his chair, his mind picturing a veiled fugitive, costumed as an old lady, slinking into a back pew.
He held her chair while she sat, and then slid it forward.
He leaned back in his chair and frowned at her.
It was her turn to squirm in her chair.
Finally he rose from his chair and brushed crumbs from his gray business suit.
He glanced at the dress and dropped into a chair at the table.
He shot out of the chair, clawing egg from his face as he lunged toward her.
He jumped out of the chair and came to the side of her bed.
She turned her head to look at the chair, but Alex wasn't there.
He gazed up at her from his chair.
The chair makes you sad.
For a little while, she even forgot about the fear, but as they rose from the window seat, her gaze was drawn back to the chair.
When she finally found the courage to talk to Alex about the chair, she was surprised to find him unyielding in his decision to keep the chair.
But he would be upset again if she said anything about the chair.
His logic was sound, but there was still the situation with the chair.
She had to face that chair — tonight.
She walked into the living room and stared at the chair.
With each step, the fear grew, until when she lowered herself into the chair, her heart was pounding in her ears.
In 1845 he was appointed to the chair of chemistry, physics and technology at the Wiesbaden Agricultural Institution, and three years later he became the first director of the chemical laboratory which he induced the Nassau government to establish at that place.
In 1866 he was appointed regius professor of modern history at Oxford, and held the chair until 1884.
The best way to make a chair, known only by a few craftsmen, would be used to make all the chairs better.
Helen was lying on the floor, kicking and screaming and trying to pull my chair from under me.
Pierre had come just at dinnertime and was sitting awkwardly in the middle of the drawing room on the first chair he had come across, blocking the way for everyone.
She did not venture to ask any questions, and shut the door again, now sitting down in her easy chair, now taking her prayer book, now kneeling before the icon stand.
Pierre disturbed the symmetry by moving a chair for himself, and Berg and Vera immediately began their evening party, interrupting each other in their efforts to entertain their guest.
Anatole moved a chair for Natasha and was about to sit down beside her, but the count, who never lost sight of her, took the seat himself.
Bianca's new world was tiny and white, the porcelain toilet the only chair and the tub the only place long enough for her to lie down.
He flung himself down in the chair again and propped up his forehead with his hands.
She pulled up a chair, her movement giving him a peek of the swells of her breasts as she bent.
He sat like he owned the pub, leaning back in the chair in a display of relaxed power.
He sat in the chair in front of the vamp he'd fixated on.
She laughed, a contagious sound, and he saw her effect even on Darian, who had relaxed and sat in a chair nearby.
She sent a chair sailing across the room.
Jake grew serious and sat in the spare chair in her cube.
When he returned, he pulled a chair from the wall nearer her and dipped one cloth in water, tugging her arm away from her.
He leaned back in a chair across from her with muscular, feline grace, managing to appear both at ease and ready to pounce.
She stayed the urge to curl up in her chair, jumping when a shadow with lopsided shoulders emerged from the corner dressed like an executioner in black hood and gloves.
She dropped into her chair, shaking.
She collected what she could find and perched in a chair, reading until sundown, when the hunger pangs hit her again.
She picked up the box to toss it on the chair when something slid out.
She curled up in a chair, afraid to move too quickly under the tense Guardian's gaze.
He pulled up the other chair and sat across from her.
She unraveled herself from her favorite chair near the window.
She guided the crying woman inside to her library and dug through the small satchel near her favorite chair.
Aggravated by her second display of defiance in one night, he crossed to her and planted his hands on either side of her chair, demanding her attention.
Her two-toned eyes were still, her head resting on the back of the chair as she looked up at him.
He tossed his shirt on the chair behind her.
The cat declined a lap-offer in favor of the purple rocker, Martha's chair, as if to question the whereabouts of her missing friend.
Pumpkin nearly fell off his chair.
You'll survive, Brandon said as he took over Mrs. Lincoln's chair.
Fred plunked down in a side chair and began sorting through his notes like a professor beginning a lecture.
She shrugged as she plopped back into her chair, wincing.
He pulled up a chair with a hook of his foot and joined them.
She pulled up a chair and the Deans took seats across from her.
Cynthia plopped down in her chair and waved away the trail of smoke.
Deidre crossed her arms as she went to the other chair before the hearth.
Alex replaced the receiver and leaned forward in his chair, rubbing his face as if to remove the conversation.
Alex was sitting in his chair, reading a magazine and glanced up when she spoke.
Carmen slept fitfully in a chair in the waiting room all night.
She slid back into her chair and watched his still face.
Scooting the chair closer to him, she began to read.
Carmen dropped into a chair and leaned her elbow on the table.
After he had been gone for a few minutes, Carmen dragged a chair up close to Alex.
His sultry gaze followed her to the chair.
She pulled up a chair and sat beside him, resting chin in palms.
Destiny was in her high chair playing with fruit colored cereal.
Alex plucked her from the high chair and walked out of the room with her.
Carmen grabbed a chair and sat down beside him, reading as he typed.
Leaning back in the chair and lacing fingers behind his neck, that bland gaze roved over her face again.
Alex was sitting in his chair and they were alone at the moment, so it was a good time to approach him.
He leaned forward in the chair.
She sagged into the depths of her chair.
The scientist, whose name was Ully, replaced the vial and leaned back in his chair.
She stared at him, backing out of his reach until the back of her knees hit a chair and she dropped into it.
She finished her whiskey and sat back in the chair, its warmth chasing away her internal chill.
Gabriel waited until he was gone before pulling a chair to the side of the bed.
Rhyn patted the chair beside him.
Katie snagged the perfume off the table as the two brothers neared and eased off the chair, placing it between her and them.
Katie eased off the chair and reached into her pocket for the perfume.
Important distinction, Rhyn replied and pulled out a chair from the table on which the candle was placed.
He straddled the chair and rested his forearms on its back.
Kris pushed him aside to offer her a chair.
Kiera took her usual chair, and Romas ruffled her hair as he passed her.
She relaxed into the comfortable black desk chair in front of her computer, wondering if Romas had told Evelyn of the half a dozen kids he expected.
Comfortable in the plush office chair, she propped her feet up on her desk and continued to sketch until the picture began to look as she wanted it to.
Evelyn slid into the chair beside her.
She shifted in her chair.
A'Ran said nothing, though he clenched the arms of his chair hard enough for his knuckles to turn white.
It was the sound of something falling, a chair perhaps, that startled him in his winter sleep.
The pale glow of the moon shone through the uncurtained window, casting an elongated shadow from the overturned chair.
He could picture her, holding the hem of her gown, climbing onto the chair, perhaps even smiling, before kicking it away, and waiting the few agonizing moments until death took her hand and led her to its darkness.
Donnie viewed the encounter with mild curiosity while Gladys remained in her chair, pudgy legs elevated, looking totally petrified.
Effie Quincy sniffed as she pulled her chair next to Dean.
The room contained a single bed, small dresser and chair.
The winter season precluded the front porch rocking chair conferences of last summer and since the past autumn the group's confabs had been replaced with side-of-the-bed meetings in the Deans' quarters.
But Dean stood too close to the back of her chair for her to move.
The two men first boarded chair lift number ten and ten and a half minutes later were eighteen hundred feet higher than Fred and Donnie, at nearly eleven thousand feet elevation.
She rose from her chair, just as Fred entered the room.
She let herself be led to a corner chair.
Fred examined the picture as Dean slumped back in his chair.
It hangs there, waiting for me to step upon this velvet chair where I sit, tie its far descending end to my neck, and step from this world, freeing it from the guilt and troubles Annie Quincy has caused.
The big man pulled up a chair next to Dean.
Stopping her seemed not to enter Dean's mind as she placed a chair in the middle of the room, looking up to make sure it was directly beneath the hanging brass fixture.
He could picture her climbing onto the velvet chair, perhaps even smiling, before kicking it away, and waiting the few agonizing moments until death set her free.
She was wedged into a corner chair with one hand in a bag of cookies while the other took notes.
So she—" Gladys read from her notes, "...stepped up on the velvet chair, tightens the silken cord about her neck, and closed her eyes...."
As sure as if I tied that cord around her neck and kicked out the chair.
If she had just kicked away the chair, we all would have made it to her room in time to save her.
Fred added, Then Shipton had to set the whole scene up before he knocked over the chair.
He swept his hand to motion her through the doorway, then walked to the desk and the only chair in the room.
He pulled the chair out to offer her, and in doing so sent it airborne, into the opposite wall, where it splintered into pieces and cracked the plaster.
He glanced at the smashed chair.
Dropping him on the sofa, Jackson sat back in his chair and crossed one long leg over the other knee at the ankle.
Jackson sat at the piano while Sarah found her usual chair, and grabbed a throw pillow to hug.
She led him to a chair, and then poured them both drinks.
Jackson sat in the chair by the window, taking in the landscape.
Sarah sat on the arm of the chair and hugged him.
He pulled a chair out and sent it flying across the room through a wall.
A chair sat in the middle of the living room with a 'Happy Birthday' balloon tied to it.
She straddled the chair as she belted out the last note.
They brought a wing chair from the living room into the studio, and Elisabeth positioned him sitting back with one ankle on the other knee, his hands resting on the arms of the chair.
He rested his head on the back of the chair and let out a long sigh.
The waiter took their order and Miriam leaned back in her chair.
He quickly regretted sitting there rather than a chair.
He carried the sleeping wolf upstairs, placed her on the bed, and then pulled a chair up to wait.
Upon entering the music room, she grabbed her throw pillow, sat in her usual chair and cooed, "Pleeeeze do that one about the clouds, the one you always lock the door for?"
Sarah slumped deeper into her chair with her arms still folded.
Sarah sat up taller in her chair and tried to kick him.
In the middle, Elisabeth sat in a metal chair, barely conscious.
He removed his jacket, folding it carefully and placing it over the back of the visitor's chair.
Loosening his tie, he dropped into the leather office chair and picked up the envelope.
He leaned back in his chair, the letter forgotten as he studied the girl in the picture.
Retrieving the glass of grape sparkly, he picked up the picture and leaned back in the chair.
Alex pulled out a chair.
Carmen Pulock hunkered down into her heavy chore coat and scooted her chair closer to the potbellied stove.
Carmen dropped into a chair at the table.
She flounced into a chair, elbows on the table and chin in her hands.
She stood and scooted her chair up to the cabinets.
Carmen climbed off the chair and squirmed out of his lingering grip on her arm.
Alex dragged the chair to the table and held it for Carmen.
She left the bowl on the cabinet and settled into the chair, treating Alex to a wry smile.
He pushed Katie's chair forward and seated himself at the table.
At the table, he slung a long leg over a chair and dropped into it, kicking out the chair next to him for Carmen.
She sat down and pulled her chair up to the table, glancing to see how Bill would react.
Alex held a chair for Lori, and Josh glanced uncomfortably at Carmen, running a hand through unruly red hair as he spoke under his breath in a sarcastic tone.
Alex glanced at Josh as he lowered himself to the chair beside Lori.
Josh glanced up from his plate of sausage and eggs and reached over, pulling out a chair for her.
She dropped into the chair and scooted it forward.
Alex picked the coffeepot back up again and she realized he had intended to push her chair in for her.
He slammed his hands on the table and lurched from his chair.
He kicked his chair aside, his face growing red with anger.
She plopped down in the chair and pulled her socks off, holding her feet up to the stove.
She straightened in the chair, acutely aware that he was still watching her.
Carmen dropped into the chair beside the stove and pulled some heavy socks over her cold feet.
He spent last night in that chair.
He dropped into the chair and slung a long leg over the arm.
She gnawed on her lower lip and shifted in her chair.
Alex glanced around at the interested faces at the tables near them, and pulled out the chair.
He sat down beside Carmen and scooted his chair in.
Sliding an arm across the back of Carmen's chair, he leaned close, speaking softly in her ear.
After he left, Alex picked up the picture and sat down in the plush office chair for the last time.
She sat again in the uncomfortable chair that had become her alternate bed.
He lowered Dan into a chair outside the doctor's quarters and was about to sit for a breather when the general slapped him on the arm.
She all but dropped into the commo sector chair and issued mayday calls on the emergency net.
She sucked in a breath and moved away, flinching as he pushed over the chair separating them.
Brady pulled a chair beside her.
Elise straddled a chair, and Lana sat across from her.
She looked at him hard for a moment before crossing the room to sit on the chair across from him.
He sat down in a chair, waiting.
There was an awkward pause, and he saw her reach for a chair with trembling hands.
The only difference was the boards hammered over each of the windows, and the weapons sitting beside Mrs. Watson's rocking chair and stacked on the couch.
The occupant of the large chair in the corner of the living room launched towards her in a flurry of brown and black fur.
Mrs. Watson only offered a small smile, shoved the robe at her, and resumed her seat on the rocking chair.
Tim drew a deep breath and sat in the chair beside hers.
Lana sat back in her chair, imagining a simpler life with her Guardian.
Mrs. Byrne sat on the sofa and Dean took the chair to her left.
He rose from the chair.
Hunter returned with the cof­fee while he was still talking and pulled over a chair with his toe.
When Byrne came, no one got out of his chair.
Polished shoes, with the socks still in them and a shirt, recovered from the beach, rested on a chair.
The area was nearly empty except for crying gulls, a man running with his dog, and an elderly lady propped up in a half chair read­ing.
Resigned to the inquisition, he settled down in his chair with two cans of beer and a piece of apple pie, devouring the pie with a combination of guilt and gusto.
The warmth of Collingswood and a soft chair won the argument.
Winston hooked a leg around a chair and sat.
Dean screamed after Vinnie, shrugging off Harrigan and slumping into his chair.
Dean folded his own long pants over the back of a chair, care­ful not to lose his pocket change.
He bent down and kissed her on the forehead as he pulled up a chair to her desk.
Before Dean finished hanging up his coat, pouring a cup of over-brewed coffee and settling in his chair, Rita Angeltoni dropped a pile of telephone messages on his desk.
He rocked back in his chair, catch­ing his breath and ignoring the smiles and snickers of the others in the room.
He took two aspirins and sank down in his easy chair.
He dragged over a chair with his foot.
After waving a greeting, he dropped his jacket on a chair and made a quick trip to the bathroom.
Winston, still smiling, pulled up a chair and sat in it backwards facing Dean.
He pushed back his chair, stood and glanced down at her, but no appropriate words came to mind.
She was sitting in a chair beside Katie, watching him with rapt attention.
Katie came in behind her and sat in a nearby chair.
Carmen squirmed in her chair.
Mums rocked in her chair and finished counting stitches before she responded.
She groaned as she pushed her large frame from the chair.
She dropped down to the relative safety of a chair and smiled up at him sweetly.
He got the ice water and then sat down in his chair.
She sank into a chair at the table.
He pulled out a chair and straddled it, folding his arms across the back of it.
The idea of sitting her chair beside his brought warmth to her cheeks.
Leaning back in his chair, he watched her, his expression sober.
He leaned back in his chair and watched her, his eyes twinkling with humor.
She grasped his hand and came out of the chair with his assistance.
After he brought everything in, he sat quietly in his chair, reading a newspaper.
When it started to smell good, Alex abandoned his chair and came into the kitchen.
He pushed away from the counter and pulled a chair out at the table.
When she came into the kitchen with a basket of fresh eggs, he jumped up from his chair and turned red.
He winked at her and dropped into his chair.
Leaning back in his chair, he folded the newspaper methodically, still watching her.
He chuckled and leaned back into his chair without answering.
He sat down in his chair without assisting her and picked up the bowl of mashed potatoes.
Carmen poured his coffee and sat down in her chair.
His sober gaze ran over her face as he assisted her with her chair.
They ate in silence and when he finished, he leaned back in his chair sipping his coffee, staring at the table absently.
Alex leaned forward in his chair and slowly set the coffee mug on the table.
He pulled a chair out and sat down, lifting one foot across the other knee.
With a contented sigh, she sat down in the chair he held for her.
Alex put down his fork and leaned back in his chair, studying her.
Finally he took another sip of his coffee and leaned back in his chair, studying her.
When Alex came in for his breakfast, he dropped into his chair and took one long look at her.
He was in the living room when she arrived, sitting in his chair reading the newspaper.
She turned on the exhaust fan and grabbed a chair, climbing into it to get high enough to shut the alarm off.
Carmen dropped into a chair, tears welling up in her eyes.
He shut the door and shucked his coat, hanging it on the chair before turning to her with open arms.
She leaned back in the chair, surrounded by a mixture of emotions.
She rocked in the chair, consumed by grief and breath-robbing sobs.
Strong warm arms lifted her gently from the chair and she clung to Alex as he carried her to the window seat.
Alex and Carmen took a chair on either side of her and Alex put an arm around her shoulders.
He pulled his jacket and vest off and carefully laid them over the back of a chair.
He started to rise from his chair.
Alex sighed and sat down in the rocking chair.
Darian flipped a knife in the air then sat down on a chair in the corner.
She sat down on a wobbly chair and wiped her face.
Jenn rolled her eyes and leaned back in her chair.
He pulled a rocking chair from the corner to her bed and sat.
Jonny flung off his coat and boots then sat in a chair in the living area, brooding.
She recognized the huge orange cat seated on the chair across from her.
He jogged down to the study, stopping at the sight of the bassinet beside Sofi's favorite chair.
Hilden rested his head on the back of the chair, eyes closed.
Taran sighed and threw himself into a chair at one end of the table.
Destiny spotted him first and stood on her chair, bouncing up and down with excitement.
He plucked Natalie from her chair and sat down between Katie and Destiny.
Alex came back into the living room and glanced at her before striding to his chair.
He rose from his chair and removed his jacket, carefully folding it and laying it over the back of the recliner.
Carmen offered a chair at their table, but Freda had friends on the other side of the room.
Slipping into his chair, she continued their conversation.
Carmen sank into the chair opposite him.
Alex leaned back in his chair, his gaze roving over her face.
Gerald took a seat closest to Alex and Aaron sat down opposite her, leaving the last chair for Rob.
Carmen placed a cup of coffee in front of Felipa and then settled into a chair opposite her.
Felipa dropped into a chair, her expression dreamy.
Pulling a chair out, he sat down and put one foot across his knee.
There he sat in his chair and picked up the morning paper, dismissing the womenfolk.
As she unfolded a chair, Carmen glanced down the drive.
Carmen shut the door and crossed the room, sitting at the desk and indicating a chair for Sam.
The children were all seated, so he sat in his chair at the table.
When Felipa returned with the children, he was in his chair, reading the paper and Carmen was in the kitchen fixing supper.
She caught him as he started to sit in his chair.
He froze halfway down to the chair and stared at her, his startled gaze roving over her face.
Finally he sank into his chair, a long sigh escaping his lips.
He shifted in his chair, obviously giving his response full consideration.
At the table, when he pushed her chair in, Alex leaned over her and spoke softly.
Senor Medena pulled out the chair and sat down, giving Alex a wary look.
He removed his jacket and laid it carefully over the back of the chair.
Senor Medena sat beside his desk and a heavy Spanish looking man with a mustache sat in Senor Medena's big chair.
He enjoyed coming home and sitting in his chair, relaxing and reading the newspaper while she put supper on the table.
She leaned forward in her chair and fixed her attention on him.
Carmen sank to her chair feeling lightheaded with relief.
She sank into the softness of her leather chair.
She let out a long breath and slumped in her chair.
He lunged out of the chair and fixed her with an incredulous stare.
He dropped into his chair and tapped the pen on his desk.
Finally he leaned back in his chair and sighed.
His chair squeaked as he leaned forward.
He stood and came around the chair to hug her.
A sharp pain brought her out of the chair with a cry of alarm.
Using the broom to push the grass aside, she carefully made her way back to the porch and sank into the chair.
Megan hopped off the chair and pulled it back beside the door.
With a clatter and scrape, the rocking chair turned on its side and skid several feet across the porch.
He glanced at her hand and shifted in his chair uncomfortably.
Mr. O'Hara carefully lowered his frame into the chair beside her.
Denton settled into a chair.
Clarissa sat her chair like a queen on a throne, the toe of a red pump and a white plaster clad foot peeping out from under her long gown.
Megan greeted her way through a handful of guests on her route to an empty chair.
But before she reached the chair, a guest discovered and occupied it.
He flung himself down into the oversized chair and lifted his boots onto the ottoman.
His thick shoulders were wider than the back of the chair he sat in.
Jessi went to the kitchen and got herself a mug then returned to the porch and sat down in the chair with its back to the blonde on the beach.
He sat down in his chair and propped his legs up with nonchalance, as if he hadn't performed the impossible and healed her.
Xander dropped his feet from the other chair and hauled her in front of him, then yanked her belt to bring her into his lap.
The counter was stacked with books, and there was a single chair behind the stand for him to sit and sign.
Xander cleared his throat, and the former vamp eased back into his chair, obeying the silent command.
She was texting with one hand and reached for the purse on the chair beside Charles with her other.
Ashley slung her backpack on a chair.
She crossed to the living room and tucked her legs beneath her as she sat across from him in an oversized, worn chair.
Jessi's phone vibrated from its place on the stand beside the chair.
On the strength of these works he offered himself as a candidate for the university chair of jurisprudence, but as he had no personal or family influence was not elected.
To this chair was soon added that of Greek and politics.
In the following year he was appointed successor to the celebrated Perizonius, who had held the chair of history, Greek language and eloquence at Leiden.
He was afterwards appointed professor ordinarius of philosophy at Kiel (1873), and in 1878 he was elected to the philosophical chair at Tubingen.
A breach with pope Julius followed, and at this time Maximilian appears to have entertained, perhaps quite seriously, the idea of seating himself in the chair of St Peter.
He was then appointed to the ordinary chair of mathematics successively at Basel (1863), Tubingen (1865) and Leipzig (1868).
In 1669, when the chair of philosophy at the College Royal fell vacant, one of the four selected candidates had to sustain a thesis against " the pretended new philosophy of Descartes."
In 1272 the commands of the chief of his order and the request of King Charles brought him back to the professor's chair at Naples.
Three years later, on the 18th of March 1584, while playing at chess, he suddenly fell backwards in his chair and was removed to his bed in a dying condition.
It culminated in 1864, when the country clergy, provoked by the final acquittal of the essayists, had voted in convocation against the endowment of the Greek chair.
Yet even in a church court inequality, generally speaking, is visible to the extent that an elder is not usually eligible for the moderator's chair.
Dr Smith resigned his chair at Lane Seminary, and entered the Congregational ministry.
In 1772 he was called to the bar; four years afterwards he was nominated to the chair of poetry at the imperial college.
In 18J4 he left Berlin to become professor of physics in Basel University, removing nine years afterwards to Brunswick Polytechnic, and in 1866 to Karlsruhe Polytechnic. In 1871 he accepted the chair of physical chemistry a t Leipzig.
The ship's rudder, which was recovered in 1859, has been fashioned into a chair and a table, now in the possession of Lloyd's.
In 1546 he accepted a professorial chair at Lucca, which he exchanged in 1555 for that of Greek and Latin literature at Milan.
In 1911 he accepted the chair of physics in Prague, only to be induced to return to his own polytechnic school at Zurich as full professor in the following year.
By his directions Harrison then fetched in a small band of Cromwell's musketeers and compelled the speaker Lenthall to vacate the chair.
On his return he became librarian to the university, and took the chair of recent philosophy at the faculty of letters.
All parts of matter are capable of developing into all forms; thus the materials of the table and chair may under proper circumstances be developed to the life of the plant or of the animal.
Before he reached Rome, Pope John XV., who had invited him to Italy, had died, whereupon he raised his own cousin Bruno, son of Otto duke of Carinthia, to the papal chair as Pope Gregory V., and by this pontiff Otto was crowned emperor on the 21st of May 996.
A visit to southern Italy, where many of the princes did homage to the emperor, was cut short by the death of the pope, to whose chair Otto then appointed his former tutor Gerbert, who took the name of Sylvester II.
At the age of sixty, having become widely known by his writings on philosophy, he was called to the chair of logic and metaphysics in the university of Naples, which he held till his death in November 1846.
In consequence of the freedom with which in this work he attacked the abuse of authority in philosophy, he lost his professorial chair.
This chair, now placed in the gallery referred to, was used for centuries in the imperial coronation ceremonies.
In 1841, after fourteen years at Rugby, Dr Arnold was appointed by Lord Melbourne, then prime minister, to the chair of modern history at Oxford.
This chair he held for little more than a year, being elected in February 1828 Plumian professor of astronomy and director of the new Cambridge observatory.
The granite block from which she is said to have viewed the combat is still called the Queen's Chair or the Maiden Stone.
Sometimes a strip of felt is interposed between the chair and the sleeper, and sometimes a serrated surface is prepared on the sleeper for the chair which is forced into its seat by hydraulic pressure.
In the same year he went to Paris, where he was appointed to the chair of philosophy in the Gervais College in 1631, and two years later to the chair of mathematics in the Royal College of France.
A condition of tenure attached to this chair was that the holder should propose mathematical questions for solution, and should resign in favour of any person who solved them better than himself; but, notwithstanding this, Roberval was able to keep the chair till his death, which occurred at Paris on the 27th of October 1675.
In 1845 he entered the ministry of the Church of Scotland, and after holding several livings accepted the chair of divinity at Glasgow in 1862.
Three years later he was appointed to the chair of philosophy at the Istituto di Perfezionamento at Florence, and, in 1871, was made professor of philosophy in the university of Rome.
In 1851 he was made professor of moral philosophy at St Edmund's College, Ware, and was advanced to the chair of dogmatic theology in 1852.
He held the chair of Natural Philosophy in Marischal College, Aberdeen, from 1856 till the fusion of the two colleges there in 186.
For eight years subsequently he held the chair of Physics and Astronomy in King's College, London, but resigned in 1868 and retired to his estate of Glenlair in Kirkcudbrightshire.
A stone inauguration chair of the O'Neills is preserved in the Belfast Museum.
Earl Randolph's chair, not unlike the coronation chair, has been preserved.
In 1752 the professors of King's College, Aberdeen, elected him to the chair of philosophy, which he held for twelve years.
Although bitterly opposed by the partisans of scholastic routine, Genovesi found influential patrons, amongst them Bartolomeo Intieri, a Florentine, who in 1754 founded the first Italian or European chair of political economy (commerce and mechanics), on condition that Genovesi should be the first professor, and that it should never be held by an ecclesiastic. The fruit of Genovesi's professorial labours was the Lezioni di Commercio, the first complete and systematic work in Italian on economics.
At his brother's death he succeeded to his vacant chair in the Academy.
Forbes, as professor of natural philosophy at Edinburgh, and this chair he occupied till within a few months of his death, which occurred on the 4th of July 191, at Edinburgh.
This wise moderation of the Elizabethan settlement, which had been effected before his appointment, was obviously not due to him; and Elizabeth could have placed Knox or Bonner in the chair of St Augustine had she been so minded.
Time was on the side of the moderates; they succeeded in placing General Pichegru, already known for his tendencies towards constitutional monarchy, in the presidential chair of the Council of Five Hundred; and they proceeded to agitate, chiefly through the medium of a powerful club founded at Clichy, for the repeal of the revolutionary and persecuting laws.
His liberalism in politics having brought him into conflict with the university authorities of Giessen, he exchanged that university for GÃ¶ttingen in 1816, and three years later received a chair at the new university of Bonn, where he established the art museum and the library, of which he became the first librarian.
After studying at Tubingen and Erlangen, he taught chemistry and physics, first at Keilhau, Thuringia, and then at Epsom, England, but most of his life was spent at Basel, where he undertook the duties of the chair of chemistry and physics in 1828 and was appointed full professor in 1835.
Bunsen held the chair of chemistry.
He was twice married, and had several sons, of whom Eusebius held a chair of philosophy at Wittenberg, and married Melanchthon's grand-daughter, Anna Sabinus.
Alexander's successor on the chair of St Peter was Francesco Todeschini-Piccolomini, who assumed the name of Pius III.
His Son, Alexandre Edmond Becquerel (182-1891), was born in Paris on the 24th of March 182, and was in turn his pupil, assistant and successor at the Musee d'Histoire Naturelle; he was also appointed professor at the short-lived Agronomic Institute at Versailles in 1849, and in 1853 received the chair of physics at the Conservatoire des Arts et Métiers.
Antoine Henri Becquerel (1852-198), son of the lastnamed, who succeeded to his chair at the Musee d'Histoire Naturelle in 1892, was born in Paris on the 15th of December 1852, studied at the Ecole Polytechnique, where he was appointed a professor in 1895, and in 1875 entered the department des posts et chaussees, of which in 1894 he became chef.
In 1789 he exchanged his chemistry lectureship for that of the theory and practice of physic; and when the medical college, which he had helped to found, was absorbed by the university of Pennsylvania in 1791 he became professor of the institutes of medicine and of clinical practice, succeeding in 1796 to the chair of the theory and practice of medicine.
His views, however, provoked antagonism, and in 1842 he was appointed to the chair of philosophy at Strassburg.
In 1839 on Liebig's recommendation he was appointed to the chair of chemistry in the polytechnic at Stuttgart, and held it till within three years of his death, which happened at Stuttgart on the 1st of July 1885.
Macneill, working chiefly on surveys, harbours and railroads, and was appointed in 1855 to the chair of civil engineering in Glasgow, vacant by the resignation of Lewis Gordon, whose work he had undertaken during the previous session.
He was a voluminous writer on subjects directly connected with his chair, and, besides contributing almost weekly to the technical journals, such as the Engineer, brought out a series of standard textbooks on Civil Engineering, The Steam-Engine and other Prime Movers, Machinery and Millwork, and Applied Mechanics, which have passed through many editions, and have contributed greatly to the advancement of the subjects with which they deal.
Parisian families, but in 1675 he was appointed to the chair of philosophy at the Protestant university of Sedan.
After a long quarrel Bayle was deprived of his chair in 1693.
In 1864 he was appointed to the chair of philosophy at the Sorbonne, and elected a member of the academy of the moral and political sciences.
Sir Henry Savile (1549-1622) thereupon appointed him in 1619 to the Savilian chair of astronomy just founded by him at Oxford; Bainbridge was incorporated of Merton College and became, in 1631 and 1635 respectively, junior and senior reader of Linacre's lectures.
After holding a chair in King's College, London, he was appointed vice-principal at St David's College, Lampeter (1862-1872).
He was twice dictator and six times consul, and occupied the curule chair twenty-one times.
In 1835 he was appointed professor of geology at the Ecole des Mines, in succession to Brochant de Villiers, whose assistant he had been in the duties of the chair since 1827.
Kenneth is alleged to have brought the Stone of Destiny, on which the Celtic kings were crowned, from Dunstaffnage Castle on Loch Etive, and to have deposited it in Scone, whence it was conveyed to Westminster Abbey (where it lies beneath the Coronation Chair) by Edward I.
He gained the patronage of the bishop of Cyprus, who brought him to Venice, where his abilities were immediately recognized by his appointment to the chair of philosophy at Ferrara.
Violent accusations followed, indignantly repudiated; a diplomatic correspondence ensued, and a demand was made, and supported by the grand duke, for an apology, which the professor refused to make, preferring rather to lose his chair.
Having attended at the Ecole des Mines in Paris, he assisted Elie de Beaumont in the chair of geology at the College de France from 1855 until he succeeded him in 1874.
The Astronomer-Royal for Scotland also holds the chair of practical astronomy.
But at last, in 1718, his talents were recognized by his appointment as professor of metaphysics at the university of Copenhagen; and in 172 he was promoted to the lucrative chair of public eloquence, which gave him a seat in the consistory.
Alexander of Hales was succeeded in his chair of instruction by his pupil John of Rochelle, who died in 1271 but taught only till 1253.
A trial of strength took place between him and Mr de Justh, the champion of the extreme demands in the matter of Hungarian financial and economic autonomy; on the 7th of November rival banquets were held, one at Mako, Justh's constituency, over which he presided, one at Budapest with Kossuth in the chair; the attendance at each foreshadowed the outcome of the general meeting of the party held at Budapest on the 11th, when Kossuth found himself in a minority of 46.
He was instrumental in founding the first chair of Greek, which was filled by his friend Rudolph Agricola, and he also established the university library and a college for students of civil law.
Rheticus now began his great treatise, Opus Palatinum de Triangulis, and continued to work at it while he occupied his old chair at Wittenberg, and indeed up to his death at Cassovia in Hungary, on the 4th of December 1576.
In 186, with the Cavour party, he opposed the work of Garibaldi, Crispi and Bertani at Naples, and became secretary of Luigi Carlo Farini during the latter's lieutenancy, but in 1865 assumed contemporaneously the editorship of the Perseveranza of Milan and the chair of Latin literature at Florence.
On the institution of the Ecole Normale at Paris in 1795 he was sent to teach in it, and was afterwards attached to the Ecole Polytechnique, where he occupied the chair of analysis.
Des Cloizeaux (1817-1897) at the Ecole Normale, and in 1876 he became professor of mineralogy at the Sorbonne, but on the death of Wurtz in 1884 he exchanged that position for the chair of organic chemistry.
He was appointed to Saumur in 1633, and to the professor's chair along with the pastorate.
He was made a professor at the university of Breslau in 1811, and in 1819 he became professor of political science and history at Berlin, holding the chair until 1847, and giving occasional lectures until 1853.
From 1847 to 1851 he was engaged at Brunswick in editing the Dictionary of Chemistry started by Liebig, but in the latter year he went to Marburg as successor to Bunsen in the chair of chemistry.
The most important tool, however, is the bench or " chair " on which the workman sits, which serves as his lathe.
During the process of manipulation, whether on the chair or whilst the glass is being reheated, the rod must be constantly and gently trundled to prevent the collapse of the bulb or vessel.
Although not sacrosanct, they had the right of sitting in a curule chair and wore the distinctive toga praetexta.
In 1759 Ferguson was appointed professor of natural philosophy in the university of Edinburgh, and in 1764 was transferred to the chair of "pneumatics" (mental philosophy) "and moral philosophy."
In 1868 he succeeded Faraday as Fullerian professor of chemistry at the Royal Institution, and in 1872 he was elected, in succession to Sir Benjamin Brodie, Waynflete professor of chemistry at Oxford, a chair he occupied for 4 years.
The houses of the people contained but little furniture; chairs, tables and couches, however, were used, and Assur-bani-pal is represented as reclining on his couch at a meal while his wife sits on a chair beside him.
He was prominent among the founders of Andover Theological Seminary, and was its first professor, occupying the chair of Christian theology from 188 to 1846, and being professor emeritus until his death in Andover on the 24th of August 1854.
The village was burned by the British under Governor Tryon on the 12th of July 1779, and the chair in which it is alleged Tryon sat, on Grumman's Hill, as he watched the flames, has been kept as a relic. Norwalk was incorporated as a borough in 1836 and was chartered as a city in 1893.
Kastner (1783-1857), was appointed in 1821 to the chair of physics and chemistry at the latter university.
He remained at Giessen for twenty-eight years, until in 1852 he accepted the invitation of the Bavarian government to the ordinary chair of chemistry at Munich university, and this office he held, although he was offered the chair at Berlin in 1865, until his death, which occurred at Munich on the 1th of April 1873.
In 1829, however, he was induced to accept Lucke's chair in the recently-founded university of Bonn, and entered upon his duties there in the summer of the same year.
In 1831 he was promoted to the position of professor ordinarius in philosophy; in 1833 he became a member of the Royal Scientific Society, and in 1835, after Tychsen's death, he entered the faculty of theology, taking the chair of Oriental languages.
Early in 1838 Ewald received a call to Tubingen, and there for upwards of ten years he held a chair as professor ordinarius, first in philosophy and afterwards, from 1841, in theology.
In 1817 he became lecturer in chemistry at Glasgow University, and in the following year was appointed to the regius professorship. This chair he retained until his death, which happened on the 2nd of July 1852 at Kilmun, Argyleshire; but from 1841 he was assisted by his nephew and son-in-law ROBERT DINDAS
In November 1822 Daubeny succeeded Dr Kidd as professor of chemistry at Oxford, and retained this post until 1855; and in 1834 he was appointed to the chair of botany, to which was subsequently attached that of rural economy.
In the following year he died, and on the 24th of September 194 Senor Jose Pardo was installed in the presidential chair.
He merely took orders to enable him to ascend the papal chair, having previously been a consul and senator.
The papal chair was now filled by Innocent VIII., whose rule was even more infamous than that of his predecessor Sixtus IV.
In 1756 he succeeded Cullen as lecturer in chemistry at Glasgow, and was also appointed professor of anatomy, though that post he was glad to exchange for the chair of medicine.
In 1766 he succeeded Cullen in the chair of chemistry in Edinburgh, where he devoted practically all his time to the preparation of his lectures.
According to other authorities, the Romans were obliged to surrender the city, to acknowledge Porsena's supremacy by sending him a sceptre, a royal robe, and an ivory chair, to abandon their territory north of the Tiber, to give up their arms, and in future to use iron for agricultural purposes only.
He raised Lio, to endow a missionary chair at New College, Edinburgh, and himself became first professor.
Duff was called to the chair, and guided the church happily through this crisis.
In the Assembly of 1861 he filled the moderator's chair.
So early as 1841 his reputation in this department was sufficient to secure for him the government nomination to the newly founded chair of Biblical criticism in the university of Edinburgh.
Guizot, then Louis Philippe's minister, the important proposal to establish a chair of general history of the sciences.
He befriended a number of English exiles, but had himself in 1556 to accept an offer of the chair of Hebrew at Zurich owing to his increased alienation from Lutheranism.
In 1866 the chair of the philosophy of mind and logic in University College, London, fell vacant, and Martineau became a candidate.
But potent opposition was offered to the appointment of a minister of religion, and the chair went to George Croom Robertson - then an untried man - between whom and Martineau a cordial friendship came to exist.
In 1724 he was offered the chair of mathematics in the university of Upsala, which he declined, on the ground that it was a mistake for mathematicians to be limited to theory.
He resumed his chair after this for a time, but in 1568 the position of affairs was again so threatening that he found it advisable to ask permission to travel.
In 1734 he was admitted a member of the London Royal Society, four years later he entered the Academy of Sciences at Paris, and in 1753 he was appointed to the newly-instituted chair of experimental physics in the College de Navarre.
In 1815 he was appointed to the chair of clinical surgery, and became head surgeon at the Hotel-Dieu.
In 1841 he obtained the chair of zoology and comparative anatomy at the Faculty of Sciences in Montpellier, of which he was in 1856 appointed dean.
P. Gratiolet; this post he left in 1868 for the chair of comparative anatomy at the Paris museum of natural history, the anatomical collections of which were greatly enriched by his exertions.
In 184 he was appointed professor of English history and literature in King's College, and to this post in 1846 was added the chair of divinity.
In the autumn of 1846 he was appointed to the chair of history in the university of Freiburg, where he continued to teach until his death at Carlsbad on the 6th of July 1861.
After holding the chair of philosophy at Halle for two years, he became, in 1833, professor at the university of Konigsberg, where he remained till his death on the 14th of July 1879.
In 1648 he lost both his fellowship and his Savilian chair on account of his adherence to the royalist party.
He was appointed to a theological chair in the university of Frankfort-on-Oder, where he was the first professor who taught the reformed doctrines.
In 1687 the mathematical chair of the university of Basel was conferred upon Jacques.
He had declined, during his residence at Groningen,' an invitation to Utrecht, but accepted in 175 the mathematical chair in the university of his native city, vacant by the death of his brother Jacques; and here he remained till his death.
The invitation of a Venetian nobleman induced him again to visit Italy, where he resided two years, till his return to be a candidate for the chair of jurisprudence at Basel.
The early lessons which he had received from his father were continued by his uncle Daniel, and such was his progress that at the age of twenty-one he was called to undertake the duties of the chair of experimental physics, which his uncle's advanced years rendered him unable to discharge.
He was treated with scanty respect in the chair, and seems to have had little control over the proceedings.
Having taken the speaker's chair and looked round in vain to discover the offending members, Charles turned to Lenthall standing below, and demanded of him "whether any of those persons were in the House, whether he saw any of them and where they were."
On the 26th of July a mob invaded the House of Commons and obliged it to rescind the ordinance re-establishing the old parliamentary committee of militia; Lenthall was held in the chair by main force and compelled to put to the vote a resolution inviting the king to London.
Returning to London with the army, he was installed again by Fairfax in the chair (6th August), and all votes passed during his absence were annulled.
But he put the question for the king's trial from the chair, and continued to act as speaker after the king's execution.
Cromwell directed Colonel Harrison, on the refusal of Lenthall to quit the chair, to pull him out - and Lenthall submitted to the show of force.
Unmindful now of the privileges of parliament, he consented to appear as a witness against the regicide Thomas Scot, for words spoken in the House of Commons while Lenthall was in the chair.
In 1893 he went to Aberdeen, and finally in 1895 to the chair of logic at Glasgow, which he held till his death on the 5th of February 192.
At the age of twenty-eight he accepted the chair of Hebrew at Saumur, and twenty years afterwards was appointed professor of theology.
After his death his papers were collected and published by his cousin and successor in the Plumian chair, Dr Robert Smith, under the title Harmonia Mensurarum (1722).
He was offered a chair of philosophy, provided he would receive the Mass.
This chair, not in the ordinary faculty, had become, through Reinhold, the most important in the university, and great deliberation was exercised in selecting his successor.
During his tenure of the latter chair he distinguished himself by observations on the lymphatics.
In 1827 he became extraordinary and in 1829 ordinary professor of mathematics at Konigsberg, and this chair he filled till 1842, when he visited Italy for a few months to recruit his health.
This was the beginning of his connexion with John Stuart Mill, which led to a life-long friendship. In 1841 he became substitute for Dr Glennie, the professor of moral philosophy, who, through ill-health, was unable to discharge the active duties of the chair.
In 186 he was appointed by the crown to the new chair of logic and English in the university of Aberdeen (created on the amalgamation of the two colleges, King's and Marischal, by the Scottish Universities Commission of 1858).
But the other subject of his chair also called for attention.
