He was sitting at a table across and down from them.
One day they were sitting at the table working on coloring books when Alex came home early.
The table was decorated with rare and beautiful plants and flowers.
On the table were plates, knives and forks, and dishes of bread, meat and fruits.
Helen's table manners are appalling.
A long oak table graced the center of the room, its ten carved chairs at attention.
The table and chairs were made of a dark rich wood, and the tiles on the floor looked like polished bricks.
No, tell them to bring a small table out here, my dear boy.
Yes. It's all on the table.
Breakfast was on the table when she entered the dining room.
She dressed and arrived in the kitchen to find everyone already at the table eating.
She set it on the table.
The table was spread and supper was ready.
Death's words made the air in the room feel heavy.  Kris sat down at the table.
Innovating will become table stakes just to stay in business, and innovation will be used to lower prices, not to increase them.
He wrapped the bottle up to its neck in a table napkin and poured out wine for himself and for Pierre.
He set the tray down on the table and handed a steaming cup of coffee to Señor Medena.
He mopped coffee off the table.
I'll get supper on the table.
The lint he tucked back into his pocket, and the ring he tossed on the table in front of Adrienne.
He took a seat at the table.
Dean penned a note to her aunt and Martha went inside to leave it, as Dean directed, in plain sight on the kitchen table.
The waitress approached the table.
A milk glass vase with a spray of daffodils rested atop the table.
Carmen cleaned off the table and loaded the dishes in the dishwasher before retiring to her new bedroom.
They were just rising from the table when they heard a great noise in the street.
She rested her elbows on the table and cupped her chin in her hands, staring out into the night.
She turned to Katie, who was working a puzzle on a table in the kitchen.
He had the letter taken from his pocket and the table--on which stood a glass of lemonade and a spiral wax candle--moved close to the bed, and putting on his spectacles he began reading.
He paused and then suddenly seeing the pistol on the table seized it with unexpected rapidity and ran out into the corridor.
His gazed followed the coffee cup absently as he placed it on the table.
Alex reached across the table and put his hand over hers.
She was stacking bowls on the table for ice cream and cake when lights turned into the drive.
She slid into the chair across from Tammy, and Sarah sat down at the other end of the table.
Still, if that were the case, she need not have brought up the telephone call at the table.
Chris and Donna eased away from the table, glancing apprehensively at Adrienne.
The heart thing happened again and she busied herself at the table.
Finally he pushed away from the wall and crossed to the table.
Howie kept us in suspense until we assumed our seats around the table.
I can't think straight without a bottle on the table and a drink in my hand.
The scents of what looked like pizza night taunted her, and she stood peering through the cracked door at the long dinner table.
Carmen pitched the disposable diaper in the trash and hefted Destiny from the changing table.
She perched on the edge of one table, fidgeting hands in her lap and bright features alert as she focused on some point on the screen.
He raised his chin to indicate the table to her left.
Fred began setting the small kitchen table.
Connor got up from the table and moved even closer, glaring at him.
He glanced around the table again.
General Greene asked from his position at a small planning table in the corner.
Is your offer still on the table?
Puzzled, he pulled the drive free of his PDA and reinserted it.  The single file within was still empty.  Kris tossed it on a table.
There was also a table with a bunch of different kids pictures on it.
Lara, can you show Kairi where the plates are so she can help you set the table?
She apologized for disturbing them, and set the tray on the wicker table, explaining they were fresh and had just been delivered by a neighbor.
Dean dutifully paused a few moments until Fred took off his glasses, slammed down the book on a table and said with a broad smile, I knew it!
The expense reports and the personnel file from World Wide were neatly stacked on the table, but not in the same posi­tion Dean had left them the night before and his tape recorder hadn't been re-wound.
Vinnie plopped down at the kitchen table.
Dean returned to the table and conveyed the news as he picked up his coffee— no roll, no change.
There was something about the methodical way he set the table that was cute.
That night as they sat at the table eating the supper she had cooked, it seemed cozy – as if they were already married.
Lori sat down at the table opposite Carmen and folded her hands on the table.
One of the chairs pushed back from the table, and this was so astonishing and mysterious that Dorothy was almost tempted to run away in fright.
But now, good wanderers, your luncheon is on the table, so please sit down and eat as much as you like.
The strangers took their seats at the table willingly enough, for they were all hungry and the platters were now heaped with good things to eat.
Instead of keeping still, so I could eat him comfortably, he trembled so with fear that he fell off the table into a big vase that was standing on the floor.
And in the middle was a rough table with benches around it instead of chairs.
Then he slipped quickly under the table and hid himself.
It will build a table of all the words used by people like you who have reviewed those restaurants and will look for San Francisco restaurants described with the same words.
Rostov took the letter and, throwing the money on the sofa, put both arms on the table and began to read.
But as soon as the man had left the room Pierre took up his hat which was lying on the table and went out of his study by the other door.
Ramballe emptied his too, again pressed Pierre's hand, and leaned his elbows on the table in a pensive attitude.
Try to get a table in the outdoor patio garden lined with twinkling lights for a meal with ambiance.
A newspaper with Allen's picture on it lay opened on the coffee table.
Supper was ready and the table set.
He slammed the mug on the table and stood, crossing the distance between them in two long strides.
He set the sack on the night table.
She smiled wistfully and turned back to the table.
Finally she cleared the table while he sat back with a cup of coffee.
She wiped a table and turned to take the dishes to the kitchen.
The most impressive piece was a massive oak table.
After introductions we gathered around the oak table to get acquainted as more beer and wine flowed.
When the steaks were grilled and the corn and green beans boiled, the table was leaden with food, enough for a small army.
We chipped in clearing the table and cleaning the dishes.
We chatted amicably around the oak table, laughing at each other's stories.
Betsy was seated at the table, forking sausage onto her plate and smothering pancakes in maple syrup.
Martha had a plate full of pancakes ready so we all sat around the large table.
Their clothing was old fashioned and there was a kerosene lamp on a table.
A small table held an expensive looking scale.
Three of us sat around the table while Quinn continued to read in a corner rocker.
Howie was seated at the table while Quinn and Martha performed kitchen duty with eggs and bacon.
I sat at a table after randomly pulling half dozen books from the shelf.
I opened each somewhere in the middle and held it flat on the table after recording the title and page number.
After a brief discussion we decided to telephone first and leave the visit option on the table, at least for now.
Now the million dollar offer is off the table.
I could hear the sound of a baby breathing coming from a monitor on the coffee table.
There was a glass on an end table next to a half full bottle of gin.
Naw. I just wanted to know how much I left on the table.
The dining room table is cherry and topped with fresh flowers in a crystal bowl.
My wife got up from the table.
The woman checked a ring binder on the picnic table, running down the names with her finger.
She reached for her lap top computer on the coffee table and fired it up.
He used an alias and he fits your time table perfectly.
He set it down on the coffee table and returned to the computer.
A plate of half-finished food sat on the coffee table, and the kitchen was a disaster.
Darian had a plate of cookies in his lap and milk on the table.
He Traveled to the basement lab and perched next to Toni on a stool at a table bearing something that should've made him lose his appetite.
Dusty asked, eyes going from his dinner to the mangled creature on the table in front of them.
He messed with it for a few minutes then reassembled it and placed it on the table.
One buffet table sagged beneath the weight of five kegs while another held food wrapped in cellophane and tinfoil.
The young man drew away from the table.
He pointed to a small table across the pub, and she wondered how she'd missed the men at the table.
Wood was stacked beside it, and she turned the book sitting on the coffee table into newspaper to burn.
Jonny snatched the vamp by its neck and slammed it down to the table.
He sat and stared out the window while nibbling on a piece of cheese from the plate of cheese and crackers on a small table at his side.
He indicated the neatly folded clothing on the table beside the bed.
She made her way to a coffee shop and sat at a table in the darker end of the shop, hot cocoa in hand.
She careened into a table and heard glass crashing as the table corner tore a stripe down her forearm.
When he turned to place their breakfast on the table near the patio, he thought he recognized her.
Signs of the party the night before still remained, from the garbage bags awaiting pickup to one table with two wine glasses still present.
Jilian snatched her and slammed her onto the table, pinning her in place as he strapped her wrists and ankles in.
Sofia lay on the cold steel table, her tears still wet but her eyes open and staring blankly.
She sat to pull on shoes and saw the scars around her wrists, evidence of her fight against the bindings Jilian used to strap her onto the table.
She watched the men eating happily around the table and left the mansion for the gardens.
She entered and saw car keys on the table near the door.
Damian dropped an envelope on the table in front of her.
They sat around the low table still scattered with pictures.
Damian reached across the table and touched her face, dismissing them.
They sat at a table near the windows.
Han had laid out a few maps on the table near his desk.
Damian flipped the lights on, and the three of them gathered at the table.
The man in the executioner uniform dumped her onto a familiar surgical table in a room that stank of blood.
Eventually, she ran out of tears and lay spent on the table, mind on Damian.
The best she could hope for was eternity on this table, alone, knowing what she'd done to humanity's defender.
The room was empty aside from the table.
He placed her on the table and retreated, shaking his head and swiping at the air around him, as if plagued by bees.
Seizing control of himself, Two stepped forward and pushed her back, binding her to the table again.
Two, put her on the table
Sofia tried to push him away as he lifted her onto the table.
Sofia darted off the table, staring at him as he entered, trailed by Two and the man with green eyes.
With a grunt, Deidre lifted it and carried it to the table.
Deidre dropped her head to her arms on the table.
Deidre's gaze fell to the table in the corner.
I spotted these on the half-price table while Martha was finding fault with suitcases.
He lifted a small soul-tracking device off the table, a round compass whose edges were lined with symbols from a dead language too old for him to read.
He set down the tray on the small table near the blazing hearth and sat.
Muscular and dark-skinned, Tamer was hunched over the table in the center of the room, putting the final magic touches on a new compass.
Setting Destiny back on the changing table again, Carmen pushed a shoe back on her foot and tickled her under the arm.
Carmen lifted Destiny from the changing table again and turned as Alex walked into the room.
Carmen sat the butter on the table Your breakfast is ready and I packed a sack lunch for you.
Carmen sighed as she placed a plate on the table.
I'd better get supper on the table.
Carmen sat back down at the table.
Lori stared at the table and mumbled.
Carmen dropped into a chair and leaned her elbow on the table.
She flipped her phone shut and stared absently at the table.
He pushed his breakfast to the side and put the tablet on the table.
Carmen was setting the table when Alex and Jonathan came in.
After getting them each a cup of coffee and a piece of the cherry pie she had made the day before, she sat down at the table with them.
For a few minutes there was an uncomfortable silence at the table.
She sat on the table in the exam room facing a line of backlit x-rays and cat scans on the wall.
Impatiently waiting for her longtime surgeon, she pushed herself off the table and crossed to the desk, where a small folder sat.
He kissed her cheeks and waited for her to heft herself back onto the table.
Instead of seating himself on the traditional doctor's stool, Dr. Wynn sat beside her on the table, hands folded across one knee.
Sitting down with a book, she propped her feet up on the table and relaxed, calmed by the sounds of the ocean and the warm sun.
In the center was a table stacked with more of the records.
They entered a dark dining hall, where a pot of tea and two tea cups sat waiting for them next to a carafe of amber alcohol at the table nearest the entrance.
She'd barely finished her omelet when the two people from the other table sat across from her.
A pitcher of lemonade was on the table.
He leaned forward, elbows on the table.
Wynn lounged in his seat at the garden table, an empty wine glass before him.
We don't put all our cards on the table at once, either.
A notebook lay on the table next to a few scrolls, an ancient manuscript and another block of stone with carvings too faint for Gabe to read.
The logical side of her understood that Darkyn's offer of fixing her was a better option than dying on the operating table.
Head pulsing, she retreated to the kitchen and painkillers, staring at a picture drawn by a kid, probably Toby, on the table before her.
Katie set the phone on the table and stared at the kid's drawings on the fridge.
Katie stared at the picture for a long moment, then emptied her pockets on the table.
She slumped in a chair at the kitchen table, eyes blurring as she struggled to make out the forms.
The death dealer took up much of the small space, his trench still on despite sitting at the kitchen table.
Kris slid two rare green life crystals across the table, the common form of payment for an assassination not ordered by Death herself.
She ignored them and placed the cup on the table before him, then set down her own.
It's kind of like… Ully looked around and stretched for the pen on the table.
His three other half brothers were already present and waiting, Erik pacing, Kiki at the table, and Tamer busy with his PDA.
He snatched the whiskey from her hand and placed their glasses on a table.
He leaned forward and placed the glass on the table.
He motioned to a seat at the table loaded with food she feared eating.
When she emerged, she saw tea and cookies on the small table tucked into a corner of the living room.
She crossed to the table and lifted one from the plate, flinging it at him.
He lifted his chin in greeting from his spot at the table.
The woman led her straight into a small cafeteria with rustic tables and benches, an open fireplace, and a sagging buffet table along one wall.
Small tables seating four were well spaced for privacy, with candles lighting each table and an assortment of flatware she'd never seen before.
She froze at the cultured voice with its rich accent, knowing the woman at the nearest table spoke about her.
As she did every day, she went to the table near his cluttered desk to await her blood draw and any other experiments he wanted to do.
She sighed and held out her arm, setting the perfume on the table as she sat.
Important distinction, Rhyn replied and pulled out a chair from the table on which the candle was placed.
Their brothers were already there, three of them sitting across the table from Sasha.
Sensing the level of tension in the room, Rhyn didn.t sit but leaned with his back against the wall, ready to launch across the table at whoever snapped first.
Kiki, the Ancient from Asia, sat beside Kris at the small conference table and looked him over with a frown.
He moved to the edge of the table nearest Jade and crossed his arms as he leaned against it.
The object sitting in the middle of the table made his blood run cold.
Rhyn moved to the table.
Evelyn brought the last of three trays to the table.
The galley was occupied by three hulking men at a table.
The three warriors at the table relocated several chairs down.
They stood in front of an airy, light tent resembling a silk sheet suspended in midair over a table.
Mison motioned for those at his table to eat, and she reached for the plate of meat before her before Romas or any of his brothers could assist her.
She ate until full, then pushed her plate from the edge of the table.
The two boys across from her had managed to make messes of themselves and the table in what might have been a competition.
Romas's eldest brother, who sat across and down the table from her, rose, a look of anger on his face.
She watched him circle the table and twisted to see where he went.
Two of the cats, young and small enough to be kittens or perfectly sized adult tarantulas, detangled and darted from her pillow to the table.
Her left foot found the first shallow step, and she took another step back, her eyes pinned on the second kitten running along the table.
A round table in the center had an access pad attached to the top, so she passed her armband over it.
To her surprise, what appeared to be a video game popped into 3D life in the center of the table.
The table top lit up with a blank grey screen and four dozen multi-hued buttons, with geometric symbols she assumed was writing.
He strode forward, and she moved to place a table between them.
He stopped at the opposite side of the table, within reach if he chose, which she suspected he would if she so much as flinched toward the access pad.
Why did-- He held up a hand to silence her, and she waited, circling the table to face him.
She sat on the table and buried her face in her hands, grateful and relieved to be reconnected with Kiera, even if indirectly.
Ne'Rin sat to his right at the largest table within the command center with the Council members arranged by rank to his left.
A'Ran pushed himself away from the table he leaned against and paced, thoughts turning to Gage, who would bear Ne'Rin's child.
He sat at the table opposite his bed and touched several glowing buttons on the table before him.
Her position at the table shifted as the program grew more complex; she dropped her feet to the ground and leaned forward, taking in the rapidly changing situation.
Nishani pounded a fist on the table and made a loud sound that was most likely a curse on her planet.
A'Ran dropped his feet from the table and rose to face his uncle.
She rose quickly in response from her place kneeling at the small table.
She'd been ignoring Kevin's calls for two days without caring he was the only person who could help her put food on the table.
She tugged the top of the kitchen table to block the doorway, hoping it would keep the creature in the kitchen.
Fred sat at the table and began forking in the cold meat.
The three sat at the table amid the warm smells of chocolate and apples, the Deans looking expectantly.
She turned and hurried up the stairs as Donnie stood by the table, torn between curiosity and following his mother.
She then pushed the three smaller denomination coins across the coffee table toward Fred.
It was on the parlor table last night.
When the crowd began to break up in earnest, she took her husband's arm and led him to their kitchen where a chicken pot pie was still bubbling on the table.
By the time he'd brewed them both a cup of Earl Grey tea and rejoined Cynthia at the kitchen table, she had finished yet another paragraph.
She was as white as the garment she now casually pushed with one foot behind a hall table.
He joined Dean at the kitchen table although Cynthia would have preferred having her private domain to herself.
Claire and Effie Quincy led the parade to the table.
Effie sat at the table, smiling first at Fred O'Connor, then at the others, before beginning to read the pages.
The next fifteen minutes were an embarrassed blur as Dean tried to stem his bleeding face at the kitchen table.
Weller put his feet up on the coffee table and took a long swallow.
Fred ignored the question and sat at the table, his patience expired.
He could have picked up the knife from the table.
He sat at the table and picked up a piece of pastry.
He leaned across the coffee table and reached for Bird Song's guest register, handing it to Dean.
Fred O'Connor sat alone in the parlor, notes spread around him on the couch and coffee table.
Nothing else matters, he said as he leaned across the table and kissed her.
Weller poured himself a cup of coffee and sat down at the kitchen table.
As she scooted off to do homework, he plunked down at the table, looking perplexed.
They were led to a room with a long table in the center surrounded by chairs.
Without speaking, he went to the bar, poured two drinks, set one down on the Rococo table in front of the sofa and sat in one of the wing chairs.Jackson stood in front of the open refrigerator, taking out bags one at a time, tasting, then either putting them back or on the table.
She took the orchid from him, set it on the coffee table, stood back and admired it.
As the maître d' lead them to their table, he was acutely aware of the heads turning to watch them.
He had requested a table in a corner of the room, away from wait staff traffic to and from the kitchen.
It sat on a table, and behind it were two easels and a stool.
The dining room table was set with a linen tablecloth under a handmade lace cover, fine china, Waterford crystal and brass chargers.In the middle of the table sat an exquisite fall floral arrangement.
I suggest we make a date to meet back here and lay our cards on the table.
Approaching from behind, she noticed a bottle of scotch on the table, along with the two glasses.
She was wiping the table when he returned.
The other three were sitting with their drinks and his sat on the table in front of Elisabeth.
The foursome headed to the kitchen and sat around the table.
The table resembled a surgical tray.
The women turned to the table and gasped.
They sat at a table in the bar, and after a few minutes Sam complained, "What do we have to do to get a drink around here?"
They sat on that table for two weeks, then I finally took them to a homeless shelter.
No, but maybe you could skip the florist and tone down the table settings.
As he plucked the letter out, a picture fell on the table, face down.
He tossed the picture back on the table and drained the glass.
Gerald piled the food on the table and looked up at Alex.
Gerald put his elbows on the table and rested his chin on his hands.
Carmen dropped into a chair at the table.
Katie busied herself setting the table.
She flounced into a chair, elbows on the table and chin in her hands.
Carmen glanced around the table and shook her head.
Alex dragged the chair to the table and held it for Carmen.
He pushed Katie's chair forward and seated himself at the table.
She sat down and pulled her chair up to the table, glancing to see how Bill would react.
Alex replaced the pot on the burner and resumed his place at the table.
She stood and began removing the plates from the table.
He slammed his hands on the table and lurched from his chair.
Her idea of selecting the right fork brought to mind the choice between a table fork and a pitchfork.
The woman craned her neck to look at something on a table behind the drawn curtain.
She placed a bouquet of brightly colored flowers on the table.
Alex attacked his food as if it were to blame for the havoc he had created at the table.
The kitchen clock ticked off thirty seconds before she put down her fork and pushed away from the table.
I came out here to apologize for airing my dirty laundry on your kitchen table.
His attention was riveted on her as he altered his course to stop at the table in front of her.
His voice faded off as he realized that Lori and Josh were sitting at the opposite end of the table from Carmen.
His gaze traveled around the faces at the table and came to rest on Carmen.
His hand found hers under the table and he laced his fingers through hers.
Brady stretched a muscular arm across the table beside him to tug the box out of his other uniform.
Lana glanced towards the door and sat at a small table nearby.
Her eyes strayed to the Horsemen on the table.He brought the small bag to the table.
He pulled her micro free from his cargo pocket and set it on the coffee table beside the keypad.
A steaming bowl of soup awaited her on the coffee table.
The elderly woman sat at the small kitchen table, her weapons within reach.
Lana gazed at the micro on a table, hesitating.
The quarters were small, with nothing more than a table, a few trunks, and a cot.
He called another portal and strode through it to the house of the one brother he'd come to almost trust.  Kiki's feet were propped on a cast iron table while he gazed intently at the screen of his trusty iPad.
The deck was furnished with wicker furniture, two chairs fac­ing each other and a sofa with a coffee table in front of it.
The day started with Fred meeting Dean at the breakfast table, a most unusual occurrence.
Let's get it out on the table.
A waitress wearing a lace cap denoting her Pennsylvania Dutch heritage seated him at a small corner table by the window.
Her smile lit the table and she and her little brother, who was being the perfect gentlemen in his spring suit, were obvious­ly the pride and joy of Ma and Pa.
At one point, the girl dropped her napkin and the boy reached beneath the table, picked it up, and replaced it daintily on her lap.
Wednesday morning dawned with air so crisp Dean was awake before the alarm, awake to a knock down gorgeous day, "one of the ten best" prattled a cheery voice on the kitchen table radio.
Dean's multiplication table of 44, the number of rented apartments, wasn't perfect, but that num­ber times even a reasonable monthly rental lessened any sympathy he might have felt for the woman's financial plight.
He then crossed to the table and began poring over his notes.
He sat at the kitchen table, sipping the cold coffee and patting the cat.
Dean smiled in spite of himself as Fred swept the kitchen table clear of cups and cat, dropping a bulky folder and spilling its paper contents.
The door was ajar and the phone was on the hall table.
The two of you are pretty good for a couple of kitchen table detectives.
She continued to look down at the table.
Dean reached past her, grabbed her purse and dumped the contents on the table.
Cynthia said it loud enough to turn heads at the adjoining table.
Cynthia's glass remained on the table.
Her eyes were cast downward, and her glass still in place on the table.
She arranged the cake on the table.
She placed the plates on the table and looked up at him, her smile sad.
Joan tossed the tablet on a table behind her and turned her attention on Carmen.
Some of them wound up on the table.
Finally there had been direction in her life that had nothing to do with money - animals that had nothing to do with food on the table.
Alex was already putting sandwich meat on the table, so she got the condiments from the refrigerator.
She was sitting at the table drinking a glass of milk when Katie walked in.
She took it back to the table and sat down.
Carmen replaced the receiver and walked back to the table.
Finally he leaned toward Carmen, resting his arms on the table.
Tables were covered with white linen table cloths and adorned with violet colored napkins inside light gray napkin holders.
He pushed away from the counter and pulled a chair out at the table.
By the time he arrived, she had the table set and his plate filled with food.
Supper was on the table and she had showered and put on a dress.
Minutes later he was back and settling down at the table opposite her.
He kept his mouth wiped and never belched at the table.
She sighed and dropped it on the table.
Supper was on the table when Alex arrived, but she remained in the kitchen.
Carmen used the chore of setting the table to avoid his gaze.
They ate in silence and when he finished, he leaned back in his chair sipping his coffee, staring at the table absently.
Carmen started cleaning up the table.
Alex leaned forward in his chair and slowly set the coffee mug on the table.
She gnawed on her lower lip as she lifted their plates from the table and walked over to the sink.
She was putting the last bowl of food on the table when Alex walked into the kitchen.
Warmth crawled up her neck as she put his sandwich on the table and watched him wash his hands in the kitchen sink.
His troubled gaze studied her as he sat down at the table.
She poured him a cup of coffee and sat down across the table from him.
He took another sip of his coffee and leaned forward, setting the cup on the table.He turned to the table.
By the time Alex arrived for breakfast, she had it on the table and was washing the frying pan in the sink.
Leaving the food on the table, she decided to take a bath.
Mums sat down at the table opposite Carmen and nodded.
Carmen walked around the table and leaned over to hug Mums.
She'd be setting the table by now and the kitchen would smell of freshly fried chicken and peach cobbler.
He chuckled again and she kicked his foot under the table.
She picked his plate up from the table.
She sighed heavily and turned to the table.
Across the table, their gazes locked and she had that giddy feeling again.
He leaned toward her and rested his arms on the table.
Get your chin off the table.
She kicked his boot under the table.
He set the coffee cup on the table and pulled her into his arms.
He dropped her chart on the table.
Mums put an arm around her shoulders and led her to the table.
Mums sat down at the table and put a hand over hers.
Alex looked surprised when he saw it on the table, but he ate without comment.
When they returned to the house, she warmed up some leftover spaghetti and sat down at the table to eat with him.
The old oak table stood where they had left it, the chairs covered with dust.
In her mind's eye, she could see Mom, gray-haired, wrinkled and tired - but still taking joy in putting food on the table for Dad.
Suddenly tired, she sat at the table and held her head in her hands.
He glanced at the dress and dropped into a chair at the table.
When Alex arrived, she had supper on the table.
He held the chair for her and then took a seat at the table.
She took a drink of her tea and carefully set the glass back on the table.
He slid back away from the table, grabbing a napkin to dam the tea from the edge of the table.
He glanced at the empty table and then at her, the dark eyes expressing concern.Josh was sitting at the table nursing a cup of coffee with Alex.
Josh shoved his coffee cup away, sloshing coffee on the table.
She left the table, wondering if it was something about Jonathan.
All talk hushed around the tiny table where their families shared their first and last meals of the day.
The wooden table had one leg propped up by firewood, and only three of the eight chairs matched.
Jenn slumped at the table as they talked on around her.
She joined a line of mostly men in front of a low stone table.
He reached under the table for one of the scrolls.
At last, he gave up trying to make up for it with food and rose from the table.
He placed the unsettling book on a table and crossed the chamber, watching the book as if it might decide to walk away on its own.
Rissa slung the door closed and moved toward a small table where her sword waited.
Rissa leaned both hands on the table before her.
Her frame was rigid, the table empty.
He nodded as if expecting the response and seated himself at a small table near the fire.
Her dinner lay warm but not hot on the table.
Stealthily, she moved the cup over the edge and spilled it on the floor beneath the table.
She set the cup on the table.
Uneasy, he placed it across the chamber on the table once more.
She shifted until there was a table between them, feeling very much like a cornered rabbit.
She blinked and stepped away as he began to circle the table.
She slammed the door to the bathing chamber, flinching at the sounds of a loud curse and the clatter of a table smashing into the stone wall.
When the invasive sun was shuttered, he tossed the eye-band on the table.
She leaned over the single table at one end of the main chamber, several larger warriors around her.
Kellin lifted his head in greeting before returning to the table.
Hilden moved through the crowd directly to the table and took up a protective position behind Rissa, watching without interfering.
The wall warlord had set up a small table in the mouth of an alley between two buildings and was surrounded by several men.
He wove through the crowd, peering between his eyelashes before he reached the main table where Hilden stood.
Instead, he stared at the map on the table between them.
Taran sighed and threw himself into a chair at one end of the table.
He seated himself on a table across the room from the imprisoned man.
Memon seated himself at a table and began to eat.
Fresh bread sat on the table near her bed, its scent making her stomach demand to be sated.
A table had been placed in the middle, and Jonathan sat at it, disguised as a man with graying hair.
I'll have supper on the table by the time you two get home.
By the time they arrived at home, Carmen had supper on the table.
Carmen was standing at the punch bowl greeting people and Alex was behind her talking to someone when Candice stopped at the table.
When the dance ended, Alex got them some punch and they sat down at a table.
Carmen glanced up to find a tall blonde standing beside their table.
Carmen offered a chair at their table, but Freda had friends on the other side of the room.
When they returned to the table out of breath and laughing, Carmen complimented them.
She was off again, leaving them at the table alone.
Katie placed a bowl of mashed potatoes on the table and paused, hands on her hips as she gave Carmen an exasperated look.
Katie methodically placed the margarine on the table.
When she returned to the house, Alex was sitting at the kitchen table, sipping coffee.
Finally he placed the cup carefully on the table.
The entire family was at the table when her guests arrived for breakfast.
Natalie and Mathew were in their high chairs, Destiny and Jonathan sat on either side of her and Alex was at the end of the table.
Rob glanced around the table and whistled, his gaze coming back to Carmen.
Alex pushed away from the table and stood.
He moved away from the counter and set his coffee cup on the table.
Aaron and Felipa went to town for some ice cream, so Rob helped Carmen set up table and chairs outside for the barbeque.
Rob followed her gaze as he finished pulling the last leg out on the table.
He lifted the table from its side and sat it up.By the time Carmen retrieved the table cloths from the house, Gerald and Alex had crossed the footbridge and were on the path up the hill to the house.
Gerald offered to help Carmen with the table cloths and Alex went inside to work in his office until the guests arrived.
Gerald shook the table cloth out and held it down in the breeze while Carmen clipped it to the table one-handed.
They moved to the next table and Carmen concentrated on the clips, contemplating how to bring up the subject and finally deciding there was no best way, so she simply asked.
He was leaning on the table, watching her.
He stared at the table reflectively.
Her initial reaction was an urge to crawl under the table.
She put the plate of sandwiches on the table and answered her phone.
Carmen asked as they sat down at the table.
Then she tossed her new clothes into the washer and sat down at the table to do some figuring.
The children were all seated, so he sat in his chair at the table.
She placed the carved chicken on the table and looked him in the eye.
Alex swung a gaze on him that was clearly intended to bring silence to the table – and it did.
Take your hat off at the table.
But do take your hat off when you set down at the table, Jonathan.
When Alex didn't respond, Carmen nudged his foot under the table with hers.
She cleaned the table and then went out to the porch to remove an empty bird nest from the eve.
She glanced at Carmen and then began setting the table without comment.
Felipa returned with the children as she was putting lunch on the table.
At the table, when he pushed her chair in, Alex leaned over her and spoke softly.
They sat down at a highly polished wooden table and Alex pushed their chairs in.
Carmen sought and found Alondra's hand under the table and gave it a gentle squeeze.
He put his elbows on the table and folded his hands, leaning slightly toward Senor Medena.
Alondra looked down at the table and her hand released Carmen's.
Carmen looked at Alex, who suddenly found the wood grain on the table interesting.
They walked around the table and Alex guided her through the door with a hand on her waist.
She was sitting at the vanity table brushing her hair when he returned.
Let me get supper on the table.
I already set the table.
They worked together getting supper on the table.
He enjoyed coming home and sitting in his chair, relaxing and reading the newspaper while she put supper on the table.
I'll put this on the table outside your door.
She gathered the magazines, stacking them on a table, and disposed of the newspaper.
Mrs. O'Hara absently centered the cake on the table.
Megan took a table near the window and ate the food while she watched the sleepy town.
With a sharp cry, she scrambled to the kitchen and dived under the table.
She crawled out from under the table and answered the door.
He threw the towel across his broad shoulders and lowered himself to a bench beside the table.
Shut that fire off and get under the table.
Flipping the dial to the off position, she dived for the questionable refuge under the table.
He pushed the bench aside and slid out from under the table.
She slid out from under the table and stood, hugging herself and shivering violently as she peered out the kitchen window into the darkness
He set the flashlight on the table where it would shine on the floor and started for the living room.
At some point she dozed, and when she lifted her head, he was asleep, his head cradled on one arm as he slumped over the table.
The last time she had seen him, he had been slumped at the table, yet he looked refreshed now.
She would have coward under the table all night, too frightened to go for help.
Unlocking the door, she hurried through the house, dropping the packages on the table.
She glanced up from wiping the table as he peaked around the door, his eyes sparkling with humor again.
She sat down at the table, listening for any sound of movement around the house.
The hours passed without another scream and she was still sitting at the table when the first rays of morning light warmed the kitchen.
Ingrid left and returned with her laptop and an iPad, sitting at the table with him.
An iPad in a bright green case and a cell phone labeled work phone!!!!! was sitting on the table in the informal dining area, a sticky note on it.
Half an hour later, she set the book on the table beside the couch, prepped the cat's meal and went in search of the beast.
When he returned, he went to the iPad on the dining table and turned it on.
Gerry pushed off from the table and rolled to one computer.
Gerry tapped the table for a moment then began sorting the names.
She rolled her eyes and set them down on the table beside the couch.
She refilled the coffee pot and set another mug on the table.
At least the offer was on the table, barring any anger he had at her slapping him today.
Troubled, Xander didn't bother taking his snack to the table but wolfed it down over the sink, too troubled to care about the mess he made.
His chin rested on her head as he placed the mug on the table.
Xander placed the iPad on the table.
It took twenty minutes for him to weave his way through the crowd to the autograph table.
Xander stretched to grab the keys on his coffee table and tossed them to her.
Ashley and Brandon were still at the table with all of Ashley's friends.
Xander was waiting at one table, mug of coffee in hand.
Startled by the confession, Jessi rested her elbows on the table and leaned forward.
In a cottage in the environs of Paris called Le Moulin joli, there sat at the same table an old man engraving and an old woman whom he called his meuniere also engraving.
For a year the person who gave me this portrait sat with me every night at a little table and lived by the same work.At daybreak we consulted together on our work for the day, and at night we supped at the same little table, chatting the while on art, on sentiment, on the future.
Then the pope resorted to pawning palace furniture, table plate, jewels, even statues of the apostles.
In this table, unlike Table IV., amplitudes are all expressed as decimals of the mean value of the potential gradient for the corresponding season.
Table Potential, Dissipation, Ioniz If we regard the potential gradient near the ground as representing a negative charge on the earth, then if the source of supply of that charge is unaffected the gradient will rise and become high when the operations by which discharge is promoted slacken their activity.
